0.  BMP: 16 Million colors
    GIF: 256 colors
    JPEG: 16 Million colors
    PNG: 256 Teracolors (281,474,976,710,656 colors).
1.  GIF supports animation
2.  Lossy compression is irrevesible (the file cannot be returned to its original state when uncompressed because information has been lost)
    Lossless compression maintains all of the data from the compressed version
3.  JPEG is lossy compressed
4.  When a file is deleted on a File Allocation Table system, the filename's first character is changed in the directory entry to show the file has been deleted and the entry can be reused.
    Then, the file's clusters are moved to the hard drive's list of free clusters.
5.  With today's modern disks, I could just overrite all the data on it with NUL bytes, and probably be safe from everyone but the NSA. 
    Or, I could purchase and download a commercially available disk sanitizer.
6.  stdint.h is a header file in C that declares sets of integers that provides typedefs with exact width integer types. The minimums and maximums of these integer types are also specificed.
7.  uint8_t, uint32_t, int32_t, and uint16_t are more descriptive names for BYTE, DWORD, LONG, and WORD, because they specify number of bits and whether signed or unsigned right in the name of the variable.
8.  BYTE: 1 byte
    DWORD: 4 bytes
    LONG: 4 bytes
    WORD: 2 bytes
9.  The first two bytes of any BMP file must be an int of type WORD, which specificies bfType, the type of file. For a BMP, it must be BM.
10. bfSize is the size of the file, which is the image and headers. biSize is number of bytes required by the structure.
11. If biHeight is negative, it means that the device independent bitmap is top down, so the bits start counting at the top left corner.
12. In the BITMAPINFOHEADER, the biBitCount field specifies the BMP's color depth, determing the maximum number of colors are that available.
13. fopen might return NULL in copy.c:37 if it can't create the requested output file. For example, this might occur if the computer was out of memory.
14. The third argument to fread is always one because the third argument is the number of members of elements of data to be read. In this case, we always only want to read one element.
15. int padding =  (4 - (bi.biWidth * sizeof(RGBTRIPLE)) % 4) % 4;
    copy.c:70 assigns as 3 as padding. ((4- 9%4) %4)
16. fseek is a function that sets the file position indicator for the stream pointed to by FILE *stream. It sets a 'bookmark' that allows you to skip over the padding.
17. SEEK_CUR is an integer indicates that the offset in fseek is relative to the current file position
18. Apparently Rick Astley? I must admit that I had outside help on figuring out who the man in the picture was.
